Biting the neck of the one who makes a wish!
Talk to the poster on the street!
Draw between the eyebrows. 
10 time to scream: "People! I love you!"
You want to juggle raw eggs!
Lipstick bright lipstick and kiss on the cheek or neck!
To put another's picture on the Ave!
Take a selfie with that person and to put as avatars in the social network!
To get under the table and ProMarket a few times!
Get a broom and run around screaming "I'm Harry Potter"!
To make You massage!
To publicly admit You are in love!
To paint the nails on one hand and walking the whole day.
To meet the first comer man!
Show seal!
To dance Striptease!
To take her Boobs and dance "they dance for you" after each snap of the fingers!
With his tongue hanging out to say a poem or sing a song.
To approach somebody and say I want you!
To agree to a Threesome!
Wear all your clothes backwards!
To tell how personally killed a piece of bread!
To ask alms!
To do the cat pose: stand on four paws, licking the bowl and say naaawwww...)))
Write on the wall in the social network: "I GENIUOUS!!!" or "I'M SUUUUURE!!!"
The whole day calling me "my lady" or "my Lord"!
To tell you how passionately I want watermelon!
To tell you how passionately I want grapes!
To tell you how passionately I want an Apple!
Kiss in knee sitting to the right person!
Kiss on the knee on his left one!
Kiss without touching hands or lips!
To dance the belly dance!
Make yourself 10 compliments as a girl!
During the day to work cuckoo!
Kiss all those present!
Dial the telephone number of random numbers and act out the person who will pick up the phone!
One hand to fold a sheet of paper or newspaper four times!
Parodied the congratulation of the President for the New Year!
Tell the neighbor that you thought about him when we first met.
Looking in the mirror, and laughing, several times with different intonation to say "how handsome I am!" or "what I'm beautiful!".
Get down on your knees in front of the other participants and to repent of the three sins that you created this year!
To congratulate you with 8 March, when in fact now not in March!
To do the splits! 
Not to blink 5 minutes!
To fly with wings at least a day!
To draw a portrait of one of the participants in the game.
Loudly sing the famous song.
Treat all players and 20 seconds mirror to repeat every movement, including facial expressions.
To portray laziness!
To depict gluttony!
To represent pride!
To portray anger!
Imagine yourself an airplane and "fly around" the room with the characteristic sounds.
With an experienced fortune-teller to predict each player's future.
Yawn as long as the other party does not automatically repeat this action.
Imagine a football commentator and talking about what is happening in the room.
Guessing the riddle!
To remember the alphabet!
Show focus!
Tell us about yourself, standing on a chair!
To make a boat out of a napkin!
To depict a monkey!
Draw yourself with your left hand.
To amuse the other participants!
To say 10 words with a particular letter in 15 seconds!
Show me your bra!
Show me panties!
Loosen the castle in the trousers of the guy on the right side!
Kovarnis ago!
Kovarnis forward!
Do 10 squats!
Kiss on the lips guy!
Turn around!
Lick the lower lip of the player to the right!
The player opposite lick on the forehead!
Do yourself a Napoleon. Prove to everyone that it is!
Put of 5 stars the game!
Put of 5 stars the game!
Put of 5 stars the game!
Put of 5 stars the game!
Dance the lap dance the player opposite!
Grab the teeth from the player naprotiv any thing!
Picture of a sleeping giraffe!
Pretend to be sleeping beauty on 1 leg!
The player to his right must spank you!
Pick the player left on his hands!
Draw a mustache and beard that will find on hand!
Do her hair right neighbor!
Pull off any piece of clothing!
Prosecurity 5 times!
Do drunk!
Without opening his mouth fill with song!
Cue a visit to the dentist!
Passageiros ass!
Picture of a penguin dancing the tango!
Reveal your most terrible secret!
The following 3 moves you are silent!
ICI after each word 1 min!
Put out a match by shouting!
Give the player opposite a bill from her purse!
Make all the players!